Issue 2 makefile (#9)
SABS-R3-Epidemiology/transmission-heterogeneity-results: README.md

# transmission-heterogeneity-results

> This repository holds the results for the [branching process model](https://github.com/SABS-R3-Epidemiology/branchpro). This includes generating serial interval for COVID-19, parsing data from raw COVID-19 cases dataand reproducing figures from the paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds the results for the [branching process model with imported cases](https://github.com/SABS-R3-Epidemiology/branchpro). This includes generating serial interval for COVID-19, parsing data from raw COVID-19 cases data and reproducing figures from the paper.
```

## Reproduce all results (serial interval, parsed data for COVID-19 cases, figures)
To reproduce all results, including intermediate files:
```bash
make
```

To delete all files created:
```bash
make clean
```

## Serial interval
To generate serial interval for COVID-19:
```bash
make serial_interval
```

To delete file of serial interval for COVID-19:
```bash
make clean_serial_interval
```

## COVID-19 cases
To parse all data from raw COVID-19 cases:
```bash
make data
```

To parse specific data:
```bash
make X_data
```
where `X` is the name of region. A list of commands to parse the data are given below.

To delete files of parsed data:
```bash
make clean_data
```
### List of commands to parse data
1. `australia_data` - to parse Australia's data
2. `hawaii_data` - to parse Hawaii's data
3. `new_zealand_data` - to parse New Zealand's data
4. `ontario_data` - to parse Ontario's data

For example, to parse Australia's data:
```bash
make australia_data
```

## Figures

> To reproduce all figures:

Reviewer: Can you add a statement here saying that running the figures requires that the appropriate data and serial intervals have already been generated as described above

Author: Then I'll link #7 here. Solving both issues in a branch.
